♪♪
Previously...
There's KC. I knew
she believed in me.
I'm gonna thank her for
recommending me to be a spy.
She never
recommended you.
She can't know that you're a
spy and I'm your handler.
We think that KC
might be giving intel
to the Other Side.
Your mission is to
get her to talk.
I have a last-minute
mission in Mexico,
so I gotta go
pack my gear.
Let me help you, and you
can tell me all about it.
- You'd do that?
- What are best friends for?
Marisa's on board.
Doesn't suspect a thing.
Uh, excuse me, sir.
Have you seen KC?
Marisa, it's me.
Oh, wow. I knew you were
a little self-conscious
about that pimple, but isn't
that mask a little much?
I got a mission
on a construction site,
so I'm practicing welding.
Oh, can I try?
No, no.
Marisa, you and fire,
they don't really mix.
Let's not forget the Easy
Cake oven incident of 2007.
And 2008.
And last week.
Oh, that reminds me. I forgot my phone.
I'll be right back.
What part of that
reminded you of your phone?
Oh, oh, probably because
I had to call
the fire department,
and the ambulance.
Oh, yes,
and the insurance company.
Brady, it's Marisa.
( sing-song ) Somebody
has a new mission!
Oh, right. Sorry.
( clears throat )
I just received intel
that KC has a new
( sing-song ) miss...
Sorry, I'll work
on that.
♪ Oh, when danger
comes for you ♪
♪ You know
I'll stand beside you ♪
♪ 'Cause ain't nobody
keep their head so cool ♪
♪ I'll always find a way,
a way out of the fire ♪
♪ Don't tell nobody,
tell nobody ♪
♪ I'm not perfect ♪
♪ So many things
I wanna tell you ♪
♪ But I, I, I,
I keep it undercover ♪
♪ Livin' my life,
on red alert ♪
♪ Doin' my thing,
gonna make it work ♪
♪ Know I'm the realest,
baby, I'm fearless ♪
♪ But I always
got your back ♪
♪ Nobody can do it
like I can ♪
♪ I gotta find out
who I am ♪
♪ Ain't got to worry
about me ♪
♪ It's all
part of the plan ♪
I keep it undercover.
I keep it
undercover.
Okay, uh,
I did it,
I made it up here.
Way up here.
I'm talkin' a bird
just flew under me.
Across the south side
of the building,
you'll see Reigns Tower.
We have intel that
a new renegade spy group
is meeting on
the 42nd floor.
Oh, wow, I can't believe
what I'm seeing.
- You found them already?
- No.
There's a new vegan spot
open on M Street.
Oh! Tofu Tuesdays.
- KC.
- Sorry, sir.
I got eyes on 'em.
Our informant says
they're brainstorming
some new form of
weaponized technology.
Wait a minute. Wouldn't
it just be easier
for me to be on
the 41st floor of that building?
Or the 43rd floor
of that building?
Or any floor
in that building?
Or any building
with floors?
Their building
is impenetrable.
We've already had
three agents try to get in,
all three failed.
So what I'm hearing is
I'm your fourth choice.
Fifth. Ramirez
is on vacation.
Ho ho ho!
Look here, fellas.
It's the new guy.
Showed up for work
early, huh, new guy?
I think the new guy's
trying to make us look bad.
Is it just my imagination,
or do you keep using
the word guy,
when you can clearly see
that I'm a woman?
My name is Lisa,
and you are?
Roy, and I'm real sorry. I hope
I didn't offend you too badly.
No, you offended me very well.
Almost as though you've
had some practice at it.
( laughs )
Oops.
Sorry, new guy.
( derisive laughter )
Hey, is it just me, or are
those guys a bunch of...
Sexist pigs.
I was gonna go with
knuckle-dragging cavemen,
but you've
known 'em longer.
Don't worry,
in a couple of days,
they'll get tired of messing
with you, and it'll get better.
So they'll drop
the misogynistic attitude?
No, they'll just
stop talking to you.
They haven't said
a word to me in three years.
And you're okay
with that?
Sure. I'm all about
peace and quiet.
( tool buzzing loudly )
Are you sure you chose
the right profession?
Are you sure you...
It fell out last night.
And my mom said to
put my tooth under my pillow,
and this time, the tooth
fairy left me five dollars.
( all exclaiming )
Ha!
What's so funny, Judy?
The tooth fairy?
Please.
She's just a puppet
of capitalist society.
No, she's a nice lady.
So you're fine with someone
breaking into your house,
and taking your teeth, just as long
as she leaves you a few bucks?
I mean, what if she broke
in and took your laptop?
- Why would she do that?
- Who's gonna stop her? You're out cold.
( crying )
We're going to have another
one of those meetings
in the principal's office where
she yells at me, aren't we?
Don't worry,
I know the way.
All the construction workers
instantly disliked me,
and not because I accidentally
dropped the bathroom key
off the side of the building,
but because I'm a woman.
Maybe they're just
jealous because
you still have
all of your original fingers.
Okay, look.
All I'm saying is,
it's 2017.
Did they not get the memo
that men and women are equals?
- Hey, Marisa.
- Hey.
I had such
a great time last night.
You actually made
studying fun.
At least until we got
kicked out of the library
for laughing about
Lake Titicaca.
Oh, good.
It's the largest lake
in South America.
I don't really see
how that's funny.
Let's see.
Tall, overly serious,
doesn't get the joke;
you must be KC.
Cute, condescending,
not really looking to
kiss up to Marisa's best friend.
You must be clueless...
I mean, uh, Brady.
All right, I take it back.
You are funny.
Are we still
meeting up after school?
Earlier, if I can convince
Mr. Garcia
that my gall bladder
needs to come out.
For the third time?
Dang. Your gall bladder
gets taken out
more often than I do.
Wow, you really
are funny.
I wasn't joking that time.
See you guys later.
Bye.
So... what's up
with this Brady guy?
He's just a friend.
Really? 'Cause you went
to the library for this guy.
Now you're hanging out
after school.
Somebody's got
a new boyfriend.
Uh, no, somebody's
got a boy who's a friend.
Marisa, I am the only
friend that you've ever had
that you've never kissed.
KC, just a second ago,
you were complaining about
being treated differently
because you're a woman.
Now you're doing
the exact same thing to me.
How am I doing that?
You assume that guys
can be friends with girls,
but this girl can't
be friends with guys.
Very true.
You know what, you're right.
I'm sorry.
Could you please tell me
what's so funny
about Lake Titicaca...
Oh! Ha ha!
I get it now.
It's funny.
What a day.
I hate humans!
We're not so crazy
about you either.
I actually got a lecture
by my teacher
from taking a stand
against the tooth fairy.
I know. The Organization
already called about it.
They want you to be
more kid-friendly.
They think you'll
blow your cover
if you're too sophisticated.
Sophisticated?
How ridiculous is that?
As
William Shakespeare said,
"Lord, what fools
these mortals be."
Yeah, I don't know why they
think you're too sophisticated.
All ten-year-olds
quote Shakespeare.
They assigned you
a youth expert
to teach you how to be
more... immature.
Seriously? Some sap is gonna
come over here and dumb me down?
Already here.
Ernie Cooper,
immaturity expert.
Building you up
by dumbing you down.
Well, I'm in good hands,
because I feel
dumber already.
Oh, no, this is
a disaster.
What are
those renegades doing?
No, the vegan place
is being shut down.
The neighborhood didn't
even give it a chance.
Wait a minute.
- I'm getting some chatter.
- What are they talking about?
They made a device that
literally melts your brain.
They're calling it
a sonic brain imploder.
All right, everybody,
that's an hour for lunch.
( men laughing )
Oh, looks like you could use
some iron in your diet,
new lady co-worker.
See, I didn't call you
guy that time.
Right?
- Hey.
- JOHNSON: Let it go.
You think you're
such a big tough guy?
Listen here, tough guy.
It turns out, you messed
with the wrong girl.
- Hey.
- Let it go.
- What's going on here?
- I have no idea.
I was minding
my own business,
and Lisa comes over
and attacks me,
even though I have been
nothing but nice
and supportive
to her, right, guys?
That is not what happened at all.
Tell them, Crystal.
Whoa. Leave me out of this.
KC, let it go.
Apologize to Roy,
or you're fired.
If you think,
in a million years,
- I would apologize to Roy...
- KC, don't blow the mission.
then you are 100% correct.
Sorry, Roy.
What was that again?
I didn't quite hear you.
I said I'm sorry, Roy.
One more time,
but with some feeling.
I said I'm sorry, Roy.
Since it will make for
a more productive
and harmonious workplace,
I will be the bigger man
and accept your apology.
Hm.
All right then.
He's lucky the foreman
was around,
or his butt would've
been accepting my boot.
Marisa, you're doing
such a great job.
Thanks. Eating spaghetti
can be pretty tricky.
But if you chop it up
and use a spoon,
there is zero mess,
and it is like
eating noodle cereal.
How fun is that?
Anyway, uh...
I need you to pump
KC for more details
about this construction
mission,
like where exactly
is it,
and what is she
looking for.
Fine, as long as she
lays off the attitude.
Uh, what attitude?
She's been teasing me
about us being
boyfriend and girlfriend.
Ha. Actually,
maybe we should be posing as
boyfriend and girlfriend.
Yeah, I don't mean to back
you up into the friend zone,
but, uh...
beep, beep, beep.
We do spend
a lot of time together,
and it would be
a better cover.
Yeah, I just made
this huge point to KC
about how guys and girls can just
be friends, so it would just...
Well, you do still wanna be
part of the Organization, right?
Well, yeah, of course.
Then please stop questioning everything
I tell you and just follow orders.
Yes, sir.
Well, you don't
have to be so formal about it.
You're my girlfriend.
Just call me bae.
You should know that
I'm ordering two desserts,
and, um, you're
paying... bae.
If you're gonna continue
to pass for a child,
you need to act like one.
Now what's the most
childish thing you can do?
Mmm... pee in a pool.
Gross first guess.
But no.
It's throwing a tantrum.
Ernie, why would I throw
a tantrum
when I can simply
outwit my opponent,
and debase him
using logic?
- It's what kids do.
- Well, I'm not doing it.
- Yes, you are.
- No, I'm not.
I am the coach, and you
have to do what I say.
- No, I don't.
- Yes, you do.
No, I don't, no, I
don't, no, I don't!
No, I don't!
Okay.
Good first lesson.
Why don't you
put the chair down,
preferably not on my head,
and we'll resume later.
Excuse me, Roy, yeah.
Is there any reason why
you gave everyone else a job
and not me, because I can
do anything a guy can do.
Okay, and before you say it,
yes, I can write
my name in the snow.
All I need is a big iced tea
and about ten minutes.
Relax, Lisa.
I know you're capable.
That's why I saved the most
important job for you.
Really? Okay.
Bring it on.
I need you to hold this beam
while I bolt it down.
Yeah, no problem.
All right.
Here we go.
- You got it?
- Yep.
- Hold on tight now.
- Okay.
There you go.
All right.
Now where did
I put that drill?
Uh, Roy? This beam's
getting a little heavy.
Fortunately, you can do
anything a guy can do, right?
You know what, I just remembered,
I don't own a drill.
I should buy one.
Oh, they got you
holding the beam.
Another week or so, and they'll
ignore you completely.
You're on your way,
new girl.
Thank you.
Thanks. Hey,
quick question.
Is there any reason why you didn't
have my back the other day?
It's bad enough the guys
here treat us like dirt.
- We could at least support each other.
- Why?
- Because we're both women. - You know
the problem with your generation?
People in your generation keep
telling people in my generation
there's something
wrong with it?
My point is, your whole life,
you've been told
that girls can do anything,
and we're all equal,
but guess what,
in the real world,
it doesn't always
work that way.
Said the female
construction worker.
I don't know anybody's
grandma who had that job.
That right there
is called progress.
That's what happens
when women support each other.
So do you think
maybe next time,
- you could have my back?
- No. But you can have mine.
That is not what
I meant, and you know it.
I mean, not only is
this mission crushing my spirit,
it's crushing my arms.
I can't even
eat my applesauce.
Oh, I am so sorry.
You know what,
I am here for you.
Think of me as
your sounding board.
So, tell me more
about this mission.
Well, I mean,
this guy Roy--
And where is
this construction site?
It's downtown.
Anyway, he's just--
And what is
the exact cross streets?
K and Constitution.
Why do you care?
I totally don't.
Oh, but just
out of curiosity,
what is the point
of this mission?
Something about
sonic weaponry.
- Anyway, they're so--
- Oh, gotta go.
I thought you were supposed
to be my "sounding board."
Where are you going?
Just to see
my boyfriend Brady.
- Uh, your what?
- I'm sorry, what?
Did you just say
your boyfriend Brady?
Yeah, so...
Oh, hey.
Did you see this cute
necklace he got me?
Okay.
What exactly
are we doing here,
because I specifically
remember you making
a huge deal out of
the fact
that I assumed
Brady was your boyfriend,
and now, you're just gonna
casually mention it,
- and hope I don't notice.
- Wow, you would think
that my best friend
would be happy
about my new relationship,
but no.
I'm just gonna pretend
this conversation
never happened.
Well, you did a great job
pretending the last one
didn't happen,
so it shouldn't be
too tough for ya.
Thus concludes one of
the most important lessons
on childlike behavior.
Now let's see
how much you've retained.
Fine. Quiz me.
Classic fart.
( makes fart noise )
- Horn fart.
- ( makes horn fart noise )
- Whisper fart.
- ( makes whisper fart noise )
- Scoot and poot.
- ( rhythmic farting noises )
Beautiful, Judy.
Beautiful.
Oh, I'm not done yet.
I have an extra one
just for you.
Silent but deadly.
Never been prouder.
She's investigating something
to do with sonic weapons.
Well done, Marisa.
- You are turning into quite the spy.
- Thank you.
Oh, and thank you so much
for getting me that bracelet
- to go with this necklace.
- I never got you a bracelet.
Actually, you did.
I, uh, borrowed
your credit card.
Turns out
I'm quite the spy.
Hey, bad news.
The Organization
is on to us.
KC Cooper
is listening in
from the construction site
next door.
They know about
the sonic imploder.
We got no choice.
Eliminate her.
One for work...
and one for me.
Huh. Cheddar.
Hey, what are you
doing over there?
Nothing. Don't worry about it.
Really? Well, it's kinda
my job to worry about it.
I'm only gonna ask you this one time.
What is that thing?
It's a sonic
brain imploder.
When that timer
reaches zero,
it's gonna melt
your brain.
Roy, you need to block
the elevator, okay?
You cannot let him escape.
He just put in
a sonic brain imploder.
Whatever that is,
it's not my problem.
He's also
stealing your lunch.
My lunch?!
You piece of garbage!
Hey!
Yeah, you're on your own.
- Come on, back up.
- Okay, okay.
Back.
Let's go, keep going.
- Back up.
- Okay.
I mean, come on, man.
We can work
this out, right?
I agree.
Have a good trip.
I wish you a happy life.
All four minutes
you got left.
Tell me how to defuse it.
Believe me, now that I'm
stuck here with you,
I'd very much
like to help you,
but I'm a planter,
not a defuser.
You, uh, you got everything
under control there, right?
Yeah, don't worry, Roy.
This is a brain imploder.
It shouldn't affect you.
( nervous laughter )
Okay.
What's wrong with
the elevator?
Crystal, you gotta
get outta here.
- This thing could blow at any time.
- What are you gonna
do with that, just throw it
over the side of the building?
And melt everyone's brain
down in the street?
- It's an option.
- No, it's not!
I gotta find a way to stop
this thing from detonating.
I can help.
Give it to me.
This is dangerous stuff.
Take a walk, honey.
Shut your pie hole, Roy!
Before I was in construction,
I was in demolition.
- Bring it over here.
- Okay.
What good is that
gonna do?
It can't hurt us
if it's encased in concrete.
That's right, the sound waves
will never penetrate the mix.
Are you sure
about that?
Well, I am now.
- Crystal, you did it.
- No, we did it.
Thank you so much
for having my back.
Sorry I didn't have it earlier.
You were right.
You guys are great.
I mean, girls.
I mean, people.
So... Roy.
Uh-oh.
I'm assuming you're gonna be
a bit more respectful
to the women you work with
from now on.
Yes, I'll be
more respectful.
I'm sorry, I didn't
quite hear that.
I said I'll be
more respectful.
Mm, one more time,
with a little bit of feeling.
Yes, I'll be more respectful!
Now you're gonna
cut me outta this cage, yeah?
You are a smart,
independent man.
I'm sure you'll
figure it out.
Rob, your name's on TV.